Disabled MSCCL++ feature except when building on Ubuntu or CentOS host systems (#1505)
ROCm/rccl: CMakeLists.txt

endif()

## Disable building MSCCL++ if the build environment is invalid

> ## Currently MSCCL++ is supported only on gfx942, and only on Ubuntu

Author: ```suggestion
## Currently MSCCL++ is supported only on gfx942, and only on Ubuntu and CentOS
```

  set(ENABLE_MSCCLPP OFF)
  message(WARNING "MSCCL++ integration only supported on ROCm 6.2 or greater; disabling MSCCL++ build")
endif()

> cmake_host_system_information(RESULT HOST_OS_NAME QUERY DISTRIB_NAME)
> if (ENABLE_MSCCLPP AND NOT(${HOST_OS_NAME} STREQUAL "Ubuntu"))
>   set(ENABLE_MSCCLPP OFF)
>   message(WARNING "MSCCL++ integration only supported on Ubuntu; disabling MSCCL++ build")

Author: ```suggestion
cmake_host_system_information(RESULT HOST_OS_ID QUERY DISTRIB_ID)
if (ENABLE_MSCCLPP AND NOT(${HOST_OS_ID} STREQUAL "ubuntu" OR ${HOST_OS_ID} STREQUAL "centos"))
  set(ENABLE_MSCCLPP OFF)
  message(WARNING "MSCCL++ integration not supported on this OS (${HOST_OS_ID}); disabling MSCCL++ build")
```
